hey YouTube my name is Sarah and I'm
about to show you guys I'll walk around
of my brand new 2012 Nissan 370z it's
touring it has sports package it has
navigation it's fully loaded the outside
of it is magnetic black and the interior
is persimmon leather and I got this car
let's see in April so it's now in June
it's been my dream car since it came out
I always loved that 350 s but when the
370 came out I remember seeing it and
saying I'm going to graduate college I'm
going to pay my loan I'm going to buy
that car so pretty much since then I've
been getting on YouTube everyday looking
at videos of it and only dreaming of the
day where I could actually make a video
of my own of my car so here it is
alright the dealer who dealt it to me
was edy Martin Nissan of Indianapolis
Indiana I'm from Ohio but I went over
there because they were offering me a
good deal and they were very helpful so
I would definitely recommend them to
anybody
absolutely beautiful all right so now
for the inside all right so there's your
persimmon leather so it's definitely
orange if you guys want to know what
persimmon means and if you're color
blind it's it's orange and yes it's
automatic don't everybody start whining
at once I'm not really into the whole
arguing about automatic versus manual so
if you guys want to argue about that
amongst yourself you're more than
welcome alright so there's the
navigation it's got fingerprints all
over it sorry but this is the inside of
it it's got paddle shifters and it is my
baby I guess you could say
all right so now I have finally made a
walk-around video of my own I can't even
believe that I actually finally have
this thing but you can definitely set
your mind anything that you want just
you have to save a lot of money but yeah
there is my 370z so i also want to like
give a shout out to the 370z comm if any
of you guys are actually um looking at
getting as you really should become a
member of that forum or at least look at
that forum there's so many helpful
people on there and that is my car so
thanks guys this is my first youtube
video ever so I'm kind of new at this
whole thing but hopefully I can get this
successfully loaded today alright I'll
talk to you guys later thanks bye